feat(figma-extractor): add figma extractor tool (#3263)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-styling/figma-extractor/README.md

<h1 align="center">Otter APIs-manager</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/main/assets/logo/otter.png" alt="Super cute Otter!" width="40%"/>
</p>

This package is an [Otter Framework Module](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/docs/core/MODULE.md).
<br />
<br />

## Description

[![Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@ama-styling/figma-extractor?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-styling/figma-extractor)
[![Bundle Size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@ama-styling/figma-extractor?color=green&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-styling/figma-extractor)

> This module will generate [Design Token](https://tr.designtokens.org/format/) from a given Figma file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module will extract the [Design Token](https://tr.designtokens.org/format/) metadata from a given Figma file.
```
